# 4. Connect an SDK

In the last step "Try interacting with the demo", you've learned how to use feature flags to make the game component appear/disappear, and switch the difficulty mode of the game.&#x20;

Now let's see how it's implemented in the code. In the code, it uses an if/else-flag statement to wrap the "Dino Game" component. As the code snippet shows below, "game-runner" is the key of the first feature flag we created, if `fbClient.variation("game-runner")` returns true, the `<DinoGame />` component is executed.

```javascript
fbClient.variation("game-runner") === true ?
    <DinoGame /> : null
```

The use of SDK is an essential skill for understanding how to deliver, control, and experiment with the software through feature flags.&#x20;

We provide a variety of client-side, server-side, and mobile SDKs to choose from. You can select the language you're good at to accelerate completing your quick start.

* For client-side, we now provide a [javascript/typescript SDK](https://github.com/featbit/featbit-js-client-sdk) and a "dino game" sample for:&#x20;
  * [React](client-side-sdks-for-web-app.md#react)
  * [Angular](client-side-sdks-for-web-app.md#angular)
  * [Vue](client-side-sdks-for-web-app.md#vue). &#x20;
* For server-side, we provide the SDKs and a "dino game" sample for:&#x20;
  * [Java](server-side-sdks/#java)
  * [Python](server-side-sdks/#python)
  * [Go](server-side-sdks/)
  * [.NET](../getting-started/4.-connect-an-sdk/server-side-sdks/net-sdk)
* For any other language or framework that we didn't provide an SDK yet, you can connect with our WebSocket interface.

With these tutorials, you will learn how to

* Download a demo code sample
* Initialize SDK
* Identify a user with customized properties.
* Implement a feature flag to deliver, and control the feature

> **NOTE**:&#x20;
>
> This tutorial is important. It's a must-have tutorial to start learning "[how-to guides](../5.-how-to-guides/)".

